README.md, before:

C++ Console
===========
Hello those of you that happen to come across this,
This program that is on the repo is a terminal program that I have written in C++. 
Right now the help command does not work, so do not use the help program because you will get an error screen.
To run this program, you will need to download BOTH C++Console.cpp and command.h to run the program.
The simplified way of explaining how to run the console:
Open Command Prompt (Windows) or Terminal (OS X or Linux). Type in "cd Downloads", but without the quotes.
Type "cd C---Console", also without the quotes. Then type "g++ -o C++Console C++Console.cpp". To run the program after,
go to your Downloads folder, then to the C---Console folder, then run C++Console.
The advanced way to explain how to run the console:
Open the command line, navigate to the C---Console folder, and compile C++Console.cpp. You can then run the compiled
program to enter the command line.

The commands:
about
Gives information about the prompt

hello
A simple hello world program

If you want to add a command, there will be instructions to add a command in command.h. Please look there to add a
command.
Have great simplified coding!

MCJack123

Commit message:

Added help and clear commands

README.md, after:

C++ Console
===========
Hello those of you that happen to come across this,
This program that is on the repo is a terminal program that I have written in C++. To run this program, you will need to download BOTH C++Console.cpp and command.h to run the program.


The simplified way of explaining how to run the console: 
Open Command Prompt (Windows) or Terminal (OS X or Linux). Type in "cd Downloads", but without the quotes. Type "cd C---Console-master", also without the quotes. Then type "g++ -o C++Console C++Console.cpp". To run the program after, go to your Downloads folder, then to the C---Console-master folder, then run C++Console.

The advanced way to explain how to run the console:
Open the command line, navigate to the C---Console-master folder, and compile C++Console.cpp. You can then run the compiled program to enter the command line.


The commands:
about
Gives information about the prompt

hello
A simple hello world program

help
A help program for the C++ console.

clear
A command that clears the screen


If you want to add a command, there will be instructions to add a command in command.h. Please look there to add a command.
Have great simplified coding!

MCJack123
